    The provided interfaces, such as BoardPanelListener, HandPanelListener, ViewFeatures, and
ViewListener, are well-designed for modularity and decoupling. They define clear responsibilities,
such as handling card and position selections, which decouples the view from the controller or
model. However, their current design is limited when handling complex or multi-step interactions,
as they lack the flexibility to coordinate more advanced workflows across components.
    The separation of functionality into components like BoardPanel, HandPanel, and
ThreeTriosViewImpl effectively aligns with the Model-View-Controller (MVC) architecture, enhancing
clarity and modularity. While this design supports a clean division of concerns, the tight coupling
of views with the ReadOnlyThreeTrios model restricts adaptability. Any attempt to substitute or
extend the model would require significant refactoring. Additionally, embedding interaction handling
directly within view components complicates testing and reusability, as these components mix
rendering and logic responsibilities. Introducing a mediator or dedicated controller to manage
interactions and abstracting dependencies on the ReadOnlyThreeTrios model through a more generic
data provider interface would improve flexibility and maintainability.
    The views are highly functional and visually engaging, effectively rendering cards, boards, and
player hands. Features such as card highlighting, dynamic game status updates, and error or
game-over dialogs enhance user experience. However, separating rendering logic from interaction
handling would simplify the design and improve testability. For instance, rendering could be
extracted into reusable utilities or classes, while interaction logic could be moved to a
controller or listener system.
    The modular design supports code reuse by allowing listeners to handle specific events, and
shared interfaces like ViewFeatures standardize this process. The separation of board and hand
panels makes the UI more maintainable and easier to extend. However, the reliance on
ReadOnlyThreeTrios within the views limits their ability to work with alternative models.
Adopting a more generic approach would enhance reusability and future-proof the system.
    The codebase is generally well-documented with clear descriptions of methods and classes, and
intuitive naming conventions make it easy to understand. However, some comments are redundant,
explaining trivial logic unnecessarily. Refocusing documentation on the rationale behind design
decisions and non-obvious functionality would add more value. For example, elaborating on why
specific architectural choices were made or explaining error-handling mechanisms in greater detail
would provide deeper insights for future developers.
    One key change that could significantly improve the system is introducing a MachinePlayer
interface.
